[6574] Added support for biblatex-software (#6747)
JabRef/jabref: docs/adr/0013-add-native-support-biblatex-software.md

> # \[Added Native Support for BibLatex-Sotware\]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add Native Support for BibLatex-Sotware
```

Just use present tense here (as you already did in the filename of the ADR).

> * Status: Proposed

Reviewer: Just delete these two lines.
```suggestion
```

* Deciders: Oliver Kopp

Technical Story: [6574-Adding support for biblatex-software](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6574)

## Context and Problem Statement

> JabRef does not right now have support for Biblatex-Software out of the box , users have to add custome entry type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JabRef does not right now have support for Biblatex-Software out of the box, users have to add custome entry type.
```

> With citing software becoming fairly comen , native support would be helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With citing software becoming fairly common, native support is helpful.
```

## Decision Drivers

> * The new entry types definitions should be added to the Select Entry Pane and be separated by a divider

Reviewer: I think, this line should be removed. It is not a "global driver", but one implementation option.

The other point is OK. - Even if it is a single one.

* None of the existing flows should be impacted

## Considered Options

> * Adding the new entry types to the existing biblatex types , but it conflicted with an already existing type(software)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the new entry types to the existing biblatex types
```

> * Add a divider with label Biblatex-Software underwhich the new entries are listed : Native support for Biblatex-Software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a divider with label Biblatex-Software under which the new entries are listed: Native support for Biblatex-Software
```

* Support via customized entry types : A user can load a customized bib file

## Decision Outcome

> Chosen option: Yet to be decided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chosen option: Add a new devider, because comes out best (see below).
```

### Positive Consequences

* Inbuilt coverage for a entry type that is getting more and more importance

### Negative Consequences

* Adds a little bit more clutter to the Add Entry pane

## Pros and Cons of the Options

### Adding the new entry types to the existing biblatex types

> * Good, since ther is no need for a new category in the add entry pane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Good, because there is no need for a new category in the add entry pane
* Bad, because it conflicts with an already existing type (software)
```

### Add a divider with label Biblatex-Software with relevant types

* Good, since this gives the user a bit more clarity

### Support via customized entry types

> *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Good, because no code needs to be changed
* Bad, because documnentation is needed
* Bad, because the users are not guided through the UI, but have to do other steps.
```
